Consistency improvements, unification of comments & typo fixes (#104)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/plugins/router.md

```ts
const router = new Router(ctx => {
  // Determine route to pick here.
  return 'key'
})

router.route('key',       ctx => { ... })
router.route('other-key', ctx => { ... })

> router.otherwise(ctx => { ... }) // Called if no route matches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
router.otherwise(ctx => { ... }) // called if no route matches
```

import { Router } from "@grammyjs/router";

interface SessionData {

>   step: "idle" | "day" | "month"; // What step of the form are we at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  step: "idle" | "day" | "month"; // which step of the form we are on
```

>   dayOfMonth?: number; // Birthday date

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  dayOfMonth?: number; // day of birthday
```

>   month?: number; // Birthday month

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  month?: number; // month of birthday
```

  await ctx.reply("Send /birthday to find out how long you have to wait.");
});

> bot.use(router); // Register the router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bot.use(router); // register the router
```

bot.start();

> // Date conversion utils

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Date conversion utils.
```

Author: We have said that we won't add a fullstop if the comment wasn't a sentence.

Author: We have said that we won't add a fullstop if the comment wasn't a sentence.

  }
});

> // Use router..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Use router.
```

  await ctx.reply("Send /birthday to find out how long you have to wait.");
});

bot.use(router); // Register the router.
bot.start();

> // Date conversion utils

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Date conversion utils.
```

import { Router } from "https://deno.land/x/grammy_router/router.ts";

interface SessionData {

>   step: "idle" | "day" | "month"; // What step of the form are we at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  step: "idle" | "day" | "month"; // which step of the form we are on
```

>   dayOfMonth?: number; // birthday date
>   month?: number; // birthday month

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  dayOfMonth?: number; // day of birthday
  month?: number; // month of birthday
```

  await ctx.reply("Send /birthday to find out how long you have to wait.");
});

> bot.use(router); // Register the router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bot.use(router); // register the router
```

bot.start();

> // Date conversion utils

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Date conversion utils.
```
